take you now to come at the Frog with
another fast-breaking news story I know
kirti frog for Sesame Street news all
right both the barnyard animals and
parts of the body today uh well can you
tell me what a dodgy says look look very
good what's a kiddy sorry yeah yeah I
know very good what is a what's a graph
oh you're so silly what's a cow saying
my god i should say what was like i'll
say well geez Oh what are they younger
what's a big thing what's a good say hi
all right or in some cases hi-yah all
right Smith your anger this Oh what's
the floor inside our front doesn't say
woof it is a pretty close for the rivet
for this cooler hey baby run both with
this bigger mouth that's a good segue
what I want to talk about okay now I
know what about these parts of the body
well where is your feet there's your
feet all right where's your eyes very
good where's your ears
yeah there's reviewers where's your hair
Oh your hair out there where's your
mouth oh yeah what time from Kuwait all
right where is your tummy there's your
tummy where's your nose ah better talk
where's your nose there's your nose
where is your oh where is your own
where's your hair where is your hair
again yeah that's weird huh oh no it's
worse you are looking to cactuses there
hugs whoa ah this is guaranteed Frog
returning you to your regularly
scheduled program say bye bye say bye
mommy